with summer near what are your family
plans because of Camping's one of them
why not invite the Catalina hello
everyone my name is Tabitha with
MacLaine's our via fort worth and the
easy way to get out and enjoy the great
outdoors is with the Catalina this is
the 2013 Catalina 32 TS pH deluxe
edition which will have everything that
you're looking for a bunkhouse travel
trailer and then more features like the
outside kitchen power awning outside
speakers fiberglass radius front cap
diamond plating Electric tongue jack
pastor storage and stabilizer jacks if
that's not enough then also know that
there's a large grab assist handle
three-tier steps and the underbelly is
not only in closed but it's heated to
inside Catalina gives you more as well
like more storage not only in the main
cabin but in the bedrooms and even in
the lavatory
more seating with this new state dinette
enlarge jackknife sofa more privacy with
a master suite that's hidden behind a
solid wall and door and more space with
the opposing slides in this large bunk
room get all of this and more by coming
to MacLaine's our via fort worth and
experiencing all of the Catalina's that
we have in stock and thanks a lot